[docs] Update FAQ with network troubleshooting information (#3594)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/faq/README.md

### How do I work with configuration files and environment variables?

> TestCafe allows you to specify its settings in a [configuration file](../documentation/using-testcafe/configuration-file.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestCafe allows you to specify settings in a [configuration file](../documentation/using-testcafe/configuration-file.md).
```

> If you need to use custom proparties in the configuration, you can create a separate configuration file and import it to the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use custom properties in the configuration, create a separate configuration file and import it to the tests.
```

> > Vote for the following GitHub issue if you want us to support custom properties in `.testcaferc.json`: [#3593](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/issues/3593)

Reviewer: "Vote"?

> For example, you need to pass a website's base URL to test code. In this instance, you can create the following `config.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can create the following `config.json` file to pass a website's base URL to test code:
```

}
```

> In the test code, import it as you would do with a regular JavaScript module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the test code, import it like a regular JavaScript module:
```

This happens because either:

* one of the [selectors](../documentation/test-api/selecting-page-elements/selectors/README.md) you used in test code does not match any DOM element, or

> * you have tried to specify an [action's target element](../documentation/test-api/actions/README.md#selecting-target-elements) using a wrong CSS selector or a client-side function that returns no element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* you used a incorrect CSS selector or a client-side function that returns no element to specify an [action's target element](../documentation/test-api/actions/README.md#selecting-target-elements).
```

  `visibility` set to `hidden` or the zero `width` or `height`);

> * the element's part targeted by the action is visible (the center of the element by default;

Reviewer: Do not use 'by default' and avoid 'using'

  it can be changed using the
  [`offsetX` and `offsetY`](../documentation/test-api/actions/action-options.md#mouse-action-options)
  parameters);
* the element is not in an `<iframe>` (if it is, use the
  [t.switchToIframe](../documentation/test-api/working-with-iframes.md) method
  to switch to the appropriate `<iframe>`).

> Also, try running the test at full screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, try running the test in full screen.
```

to control the browser window size. If the test passes, it means your webpage hides
the target element when the window is resized to smaller dimensions.

Finally, try updating TestCafe to the latest version to see if the problem persists.

> ### What are the possible reasons for an HTTP request failure? How can I address them?

Reviewer 2: It's not only about HTTP, right?

#### The Web server is not responding

Check if the Web and DNS servers are online and configured to accept requests to this URL.

#### Unstable or improperly configured network connection

* Check the proxy server's, router's and network connection's settings.
* Connect to a different network.

> * Restart or replace the router.

Reviewer 2: So should I go and buy another router to check this hypothesis?

Reviewer 3: Or you can connect your machine to the network directly.

Reviewer 2: Probably we can say more common like "Check your network devices/settings".

* Use VPN.
* Bypass or change the proxy server.

> #### Not enough resources in the container or CI system

Reviewer 2: IMO, We described here what you can try to find a reason, not how to address this problem.

Reviewer 2: Everything here is about "you could try", so I'd rephrase it.

* Decrease the [concurrency factor](../documentation/using-testcafe/common-concepts/concurrent-test-execution.md) to `1`.
* Deploy the application's Web server on a separate machine.
* Change the container's resource limits.
* Run tests on a local device outside a container.

> * In a CI service, switch to a pricing plan that offers more resources.

Reviewer 2: It's too imperatively, why should I use TestCafe if I have to change plan?
Even if should, let's say it softer 😄 .

> * Try a different CI service.

Reviewer 2: Which problem does it solve?

Reviewer 3: It can solve the problem with hardware configuration/resources. You can try to find a CI provider that offers better hardware, or a provider that is less popular and don't experience performance degradations due to the high amount of users.

Reviewer 2: Sure, I just want to say it's not obvious for customer.

to control the browser window size. If the test passes, it means your webpage hides
the target element when the window is resized to smaller dimensions.

Finally, try updating TestCafe to the latest version to see if the problem persists.

### TestCafe reports that a request has failed. What are the possible reasons?

When TestCafe does not receive a successful response from a server, it outputs the following error:

```text
A request to https://www.example.com has failed. Use quarantine mode to perform additional attempts to execute this test.
```

> [Quarantine mode](../documentation/using-testcafe/command-line-interface.md#-q---quarantine-mode) helps you complete the tests if the problem is occasional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [Quarantine mode](../documentation/using-testcafe/command-line-interface.md#-q---quarantine-mode) to complete the tests.
```

However, we recommend that you determine the cause of this issue and address it.

> The following situations lead to this error most frequently:

Reviewer: "most frequently"?

#### The Web server is not responding

Check if the Web and DNS servers are online and configured to accept requests to this URL.

#### Unstable or improperly configured network connection

> To fix network issues, try the following:

Reviewer: "To fix network issues, try the following:" Is it necessary to add this? The heading is sufficient.

* Check the network connection's settings.

> * Ensure that your network equipment works properly. If possible, try to establish direct connection to the Internet/Web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that your network equipment works properly. If possible, establish direct connection to the Internet/Web server.
```

* Check the proxy server's settings or try a different proxy server.
* Use VPN.
* Connect to a different network.

#### Not enough resources in the container or CI system

> If you run TestCafe in a container or CI system, try the following steps to diagnose resource shortage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run TestCafe in a container or CI system, use the following steps to diagnose resource shortage:
```

* Increase the container's resource limits.
* Set the [concurrency factor](../documentation/using-testcafe/common-concepts/concurrent-test-execution.md) to `1`.
* Deploy the application's Web server on a separate machine.
* Run tests on a local device outside a container.

If this fixes the tests, it indicates that they require additional resources. You can address this in the following ways:

* Adjust the container's or environment's settings to allocate more resources.
* If you use a commercial CI system, ask the service provider for an upgrade or consider a different CI service with better hardware or smaller loads.

> TestCafe users have positive experience with the following CI systems:

Reviewer: "TestCafe users have positive experience with the following CI systems" and I'm not sure about the point of this sentence

Reviewer: Why is it necessary to say "have positive experience"? and do you mean 'a' positive experience?

#### The Web server is not responding

Check if the Web and DNS servers are online and configured to accept requests to this URL.

#### Unstable or improperly configured network connection

To fix network issues, try the following:

* Check the network connection's settings.
* Ensure that your network equipment works properly. If possible, try to establish direct connection to the Internet/Web server.
* Check the proxy server's settings or try a different proxy server.
* Use VPN.
* Connect to a different network.

#### Not enough resources in the container or CI system

If you run TestCafe in a container or CI system, try the following measures to diagnose the resource shortage.

* Increase the container's resource limits.
* Set the [concurrency factor](../documentation/using-testcafe/common-concepts/concurrent-test-execution.md) to `1`.
* Deploy the application's Web server on a separate machine.
* Run tests on a local device outside a container.

If this fixes the tests, it indicates that they require additional resources. You can address this in the following ways:

* Adjust the container's or environment's settings to allocate more resources.

> * If you use a commercial CI system, ask the service provider for an upgrade or consider a different CI service with better hardware or smaller loads.

Reviewer 2: Much better overall. It'd be nice if we can recommend several CI services which most suitable for TestCafe tests.

Reviewer 2: @AndreyBelym what do you think?

Reviewer 3: I think we can reference CI systems that have a corresponding recipe in our documentation.

(list ranking is quite subjective)

[Azure Pipelines](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/azure-devops.html)
[GitLab CI](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/gitlab.html)
[TravisCI](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/travis.html)
[CircleCI](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/circleci.html)
[AppVeyor](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/appveyor.html)

[BitBucket](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/continuous-integration/bitbucket-pipelines.html) (I have no experience with it)

Reviewer 2: Of course we should not advise systems we have no experience with.
